hello and mum the welcome to empty world
today we're going to open a new exciting
fruit hello and I grow out red grow up
so we're gonna show now how to cut up
beneath the gorilla so one of the first
is just to cut them in nice and
beautiful oh well for that 10 15 pieces
as Quebec you can open all in the
manager they used to do like this is
easiest way and they can get rid of from
that's one
so you can't cut them in pieces this top
but this let me do the same with your
fruit connecting fruit salad is deep so
now I'm going to try to go up hmm
work function don't take too much a
little bit of citrus taste try to break
them but say very good very fresh fruit
so now we know how to cut up in the
GABAA I hope you filet by